Updates for Forms release 10.3/11.1 (#4954)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 11/umbraco-forms/editor/attaching-workflows/README.md

If no value is selected, the message in **Message on submit** is displayed to the user on the same page, instead of the form fields. This is implemented via a redirect to the current page, ensuring that the form can't be accidentally resubmitted.

> By default the message is created and rendered in plain text. If you need to add formatting to the message, click to switch into rich text format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the message is created and rendered in plain text. If you need to add formatting to the message, toggle the **Format message in rich text** button.
```
